Feb 06 Tue - Team Organization and OAuth
========================================

Making sure everyone is on the same page; Affirming what backend is and does.

Backend has all their current tasks put into issues. Jesse will make more tickets for his own tasks.

George has a paid server option that sounds good.

Jesse will probably take over Raj's ticket of determining what API is suitable for this project. Flask is the most likely pick.

We have access to online Flask lessons through Udemy, as discussed in Slack.


OAuth
-----

Do we want OAuth to send the token directly? That's a question for later, but Jesse thinks the token should be sent to us along with the full name and email address.

Since this is looking more like a frontend matter, Jesse will talk to Richie about passing authentication responsibility to frontend and the OAuth PoC ticket will be closed.

George has been using Flask for part of the OAuth PoC.

